# August 27, 2024
I created a github account, it was easy peezy.
# September 4, 2024
The sphero contains multiple sensors, including a velocity, light, and speed sensor. The light sensor works by monitoring the lumens in it's vicinity and taking note of it. You can program the bolt to use the light sensor in many ways, because it uses the lumens around it, the sphero is pretty accurate. One way I used the li8ght sensor was to program it to notice if the light around it has been dimmed, and if it had, it would play a matrix animation.
# September 11, 2024
I believe that setting up journals was quite easy, at least for me. I didn't have many problems with the set up, other than everything being very specific. I guess that was one of the issues, since alot of people don't pay attention in class, they didn't pay attention to the small details in which was required when you set up your journal. For me, I had accidentally added an extra character at the end of the title of my repository, that leaded to my journal not being graded. It wasn't the teachers fault, for I belive she did nothing wrong. Overall, the process went pretty smoothly for me. 
# September 17, 2024
This is a free week.
# September 20, 2024
Today for the hour of coding assignment, I created my own google logo. It was pretty fun.
# September 27, 2024
I believe that follwing code instructions is vital to making sure your program runs smoothly. For example, if you mistype something, or use the wrong command, a number of errors may occur as a result of the code not being precise. It's important to develop good habits because they can help you in the long run, like helping you catch mistakes faster and gernerally making the coding experience faster and smoother. In order to have a good program, you must be precise as well. In cases such as those where you have to go through certain steps to acheive a desriable outcome, being sloppy and not focused with your work may result in your program being incomplete.
# October 4, 2024
In my daily life, computers play a vital role. Even in matters such as waking up do i use a computer. I use an alarm clock to wake myself up in the morning, which is basically a mini computer. I think computer science is everywhere in my life, primarily on my phone because it's something i use pretty often. Computers are present in the car i use to get to school, the laptop i use. even the very thing I'm typing on. I don't really know how i would really do anything without computers, i'm not one for getting up and about much. I love the convienence of computers, and they're the best to me.
# October 10, 2024
I researched backend server development. A few responsibilities are building and maintaining code, designing and managing databases, developing APIs, and optimizing website performance. I also need to be able to know programming languages like Python, Java, and PHP. I need to have in-depth knowledge of database administration and database management systems. I also need knowledge of Application Programming Interfaces (APIs), which allow computers to communicate with each other. Lastly, I need to know web frameworks like Django, Spring Boot, Express.js, and Ruby on Rails. I need at least a bachelor's degree in computer science. There are not many opportunities for advancement in this job as this is the highest position. This job makes alot of money, so that's why i want to do it :). 
# October 15, 2024
Coding can improve problem dolving skills by giving you situations in which you are forced to use problem solving skills. There will be multiple instances in which your code won't work, and it's going to be up to you to debug and such. Coding enhances creativity because there is never just one answer to a solution. When you are forced to work together and code, it will enhance your collaboration skills greatly. Even just asking for help from someone such as a teacher whilst coding can help your collaboration skills. Coding will directly influence my future career because I will be coding anc collaborating alot as a back end developer.
# October 21, 2024
  Ai can help improve efficiency in workplaces such as healthcare by being able to detect when paitents are not feeling well and notifying healthcare providers in such an instance. It can even help teachers be more efficient when grading scholar's schoolwork and such. AI can also help transportation workers such as bus drivers generate the most effective route to  get to a certain area.
  Though AI has much benefits, it is also very, notoriously unreliable. It can be biased sometimes, depending on wheter it's programmer may be biased as well. It can also have many errors, and not be as effective as a skilled human. It can also pose privacy threats in places it is used.
# October 28, 2024
  With things such as technology and social media, people no longer have to go out in rallies and physically taxing events for they can just stay at home and watch everything occurr online. With almost everything in the world acessible to most people in the form of the internet, it makes it easy for people to find a canidate who aligns with their personal beliefs.Yet, it also makes it easy for misinformation to be spread. But if people are smart and choose to do their proper research, they will find the best canidate.
# November 4, 2024
  It is important to keep your personal information sensitive and private when posting things online because your information can easily be used by hackers and other bad people to exploit you. You can have a very strong passwords on websites such as github and social media to insure your information is private and safe. I don't post at all on social media so no. You can use a fake name whilst working with others online, or you could simply refrain from sharing sensitive information over the internet.
  # November 12, 2024
   An event that interests me is the use of AI for entertainment. I see the use of physical AI robots alot online for entertainment and it really interests me. I saw a video the other day where some dude "won" against a robot at chess, and i couldn't help but wonder if it was scripted. It baffles me that a robot with access to like a million different moves in chess lost to a human. It had to be pre-programmed to lose, or something like that. It relates to the stuff we're learning in the sense that the AI would use data analysis to pick the best move for it to play.
   Advancements in computer science won't really be able to help or change this event for it was already scripted to happen. I can't imagine a possible outcome where the advancements of technology could stop a scripted event from happening, for how could a program change itself? How could a program change the fate already laid out for it? It can't, and that's the beauty of humanity for we have the power to change our fate, to choose out own path instead of following the one pre laid out for us.
   # November 18, 2024
   Thanksgiving is coming up! I love stuffing and ham, they're the best.
   # December 2, 2024
Renewable energy technologies such as wind turbines and solar panels are very quickly being intergrated into our daily lives. The lfiespan of such things like wind turbines are far longer than simple, disposable energy sources that we are so used to. Solar panels are not only efficient but they also give you a nice tax return. Its a great solution for people who wish to save on their energy bill and also lessen the carbon footprint they will leave on the world. Such technologies can impact society by greatly reducing our carbon emmisions if effectively used and input through the world. Such technology is pretty exciting because instead of using up energy sources such as fossil fuels which can never come back, we are able to utilize the gift of mother nature by using energy from the wind and the sun. 
  # December 9, 2024
The term "brain rot", to me, is something that reminds me of all the stupid things i see online. Wether it be video's with inchoherent captions or maybe a silly video of a cat dancing, the term always comes to mind when I see the wonders of the internet. The internet has had a positive impact on my mental wellbeing for it always manages to entertain me when i really need it. I don't think I have been too impacted by the things I see online. The runner up word, "lore", is one that definently describes the 2024 internet expierence very greatly. Though the term is thrown around loosely and uses as more so a joke than anything, it's one that is very heavily used as of the current moment. In my opinion, I do think it is very important to try your best to balance a work-internet relationship as best you can. I cannot say that I am perfect in this regard but I will say that I do try my hardest to not let my love of funny things online get in the way of me doing my work and such. If you want to avoid "brain rot", then it is best to stay away from the parasite that is social media completely.
  # December 16, 2024
I am pretty excited for winter break.
  # January 8, 2025
  I enjoyed last semester because everything was easy and slow paced. I like moving at my own pace and I have no further things to say. I am not very sure of any very specific project i would like to try. I have no real preferences for anything we choose to do in this class. I belive persuing a python certifacation would prove useful in my search for a job regarding coding. I think access to lots of coding programs and materials can prove useful to acheiving my goal.
  # January 13, 2025
  To me, I do not think it is very smart to start to rely on AI for traditional tech roles. It's kind of ironic, to see the things that we humans created taking our jobs and all that. I cannot say for sure what AI will do for us, and I am not entierly sure that everyone will be open to the idea of using something with no moral compass or conscious to help them with their jobs and such. It just all depends on how it is implimented I think. I think that if i want a job in a rapidly changing job market like the technological one, I will have to try my best to be smarter and more effecient than the AI. Maybe it's impossible, but the world we live in is an unforgiving one that won't hesitate to cut off the ones who can easily be replaced.
  # January 22, 2025
  Government intervention impacts users in not the best way. Though the government assumed that TikTok was stealing users data, it failed to take into account the ACTUAL companies taking user's data, such as TEMU and SHEIN who have multiple lawsuits against them for stealing credit card information and such. Another reason that the government issued ban of TikTok backfired was that the users of the app didn't want the ban to take effect at all. They were in much protest about it, but the ban took place but was taken back within a few hours.
  Companies like TikTok can address security concerns by coming to a comprimise with the government about the way they deal with things. They can make adjustments to their terms of agreements that will comply with how the U.S wants to do things, maybe by agreeing to not spy on us or something like that. This correlates to concepts we've covered in class by aluuding to app development and how things function regarding essential functions such as data privacy and user interface. 
  # January 27, 2025
| Name      | Car | Mistake      |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | 
| Jimmy      | Honda Civic	       | Drilled Hole In Gas Tank
| Kayla   | GMC Sierra	        | 	Fixed Wrong Problem
| Bart      | Toyota Corolla	       | Left Stains On Carpet
| Harrison   | Subaru Forester | Left The Oil Cap Off
  # February 3, 2025
  I believe that computer science contributes greatly to air traffic control. The fact that air traffic relies so heavily on computers and prediction systems and complex math equations that can aid in the work of the air traffic controllers. The mention of security is also a very important thing in regards to air traffic controls, with the fact that air traffic control centers have to be extra secure to prevent any infiltrations or intruisions in the sopheticated systems. 
  With the mention of infiltrations, we of course have to bring up cybersecurity regarding such important and sensitive systems like the mass interworks of sensitive computers that air traffic controllers so often have to monitor. It is important to have strong and sure cybersecurity measures, such as cloud security or double authentification. Maybe, with regards to the crash, there was error in the way the Human-Computer interaction was structured. I read up on the situation, and it stuck out to me that there was only one person guiding both the helicopter and the airplane. I belive this was the reason why they ultimately crashed.
# February 11, 2025
  -If i was a software developer working for the NFL to design an application to help coaches make better in-game decisions using real-time data, I would first focus on the user interface. I know most of the coaches for the NFL are old men, so I would try my best to make it sleek and modern with accessible tabs so that everything could be seen and edited easily. It would have a player tab with all the players and their real time stats, and maybe a timeline tab where the coach could put training dates and game times.
  -To vizualize the data, I think it would be a time/game ratio. Maybe each of the players could have their own special chart that showed wether they've grown or decayed from games past. I think machine learning models could be trained to assess the player's stats and could be used to create graphs about wether or not the chosen player would do good or preform poorly in any upcoming games. I belive a data sorting algorithm could be greatly utilized as well to help make everything seem neater on the user's end.
# February 18, 2025
   The most interesting thing i learned last week was how to make a heart out of a rectangular piece of paper. I learned it from a youtube video fr velantines day. I found it because I was making something last minute, and I found it interesting because I thought you could only make origami with square paper.
# February 24, 2025
   I belive that technology can be used to keep educators and service providers updated on the ever evolving youth language by perhaps there being an add on to aid them. It could utilize AI and have human workers specialize in slang and such to regulate the add on, perhaps to a browser or maybe even have an app, that is reguarly updated in 12 hour incriments or however the provider would like. A challenge of intergrating slang trnaslation tools into educational services and such might be that they use such slang in the wrong context. The internet is a melting pot of ever changing diversities and such, so of course slang will come and go, and sometimes it might become cringe when people like educators try to use such language. 
   Sorry lol. I don't think that internet slang is soo important that it has to be tracked and taught in schools. It's a common thing, but i believe that schools would actually flop if they tried to do such things as impliment a program to help understand slang better. You should just use the internet.
# March 3, 2025
| Name      | Power | Challenge      |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | 
| Zara      | 	Telekenesis| Secure Building
| Aether   | Weather Manipulation        | Prevent Assassination
| Thorne      | 	Invisibility	       | Underwater Rescue
| Silver   |	Mind Control | Retrieve Stolen Goods
| Tangier   | 	Shapeshifting | Extract Prisoner
# March 17, 2025
  The technology i used most often over spring break was apps and social media. I mostly read over this spring break, and since I do not want to head to the library in person, I use the ebook app the allows me to read and check out books on my phone. I was challenged by my printer because it refused to connect to my phone. I had to ask a friend for help, so that was fun in the sense that it stimulated me in the rather lull of the spring break.
  I had to use problem solving alot last week in matters such as my printer being finnicky and my PC refusing to cooperate with me. I also thought of game development when I wa sworking with my computer, for I had to update a game I hadn't played in such a long time. I hadn't played it in so long actually, that the developers revamped the whole thing and I had to download the entire thing again! 
# March 24, 2025
  First of all, I have no idea what March Madness is. But, with the intergration of AI into things such as sports and competitions, I am never entirely sure how to feel about it all. I am happy that people are so smart as to develop programs that can potentially enhance the entertainment value of such events, but if it was me, i feel like it would be more fun to try and predict things myself then have a computer do it. But others might not want that, and that's fine, so i think AI enhancement in these situations could be good.
  I think with March Madness, social media could be a good place to perhaps interact with others who root for the same team as you. Though, most social platforms are breeding grounds for anger and arguments when it comes to differing opinions. I think streaming services can help user engagement for people who are unable to attend the  event in person as well.
# March 31, 2025
  1. I'm feeling fine in all aspects.
  2. The most stressful part of school has been assignments but I've managed.
  3. One thing I could do to take care of myself is take frequent breaks.
  4. One goal I have is to pass my CSP exam, I will study hard.
  5. Someone I can talk to is my mom because I know she'll listen to me.
  

